[MUSIC]
>> Mike North: I'm just gonna go
through the process of making a custom
handle bars helper per usual
strength with ember-cli.
>> Mike North: So it's gonna generate
helper itself and the unit test for
the helper.
Then I'm gonna go into
the github-repo.hps and
here instead of just the count itself,
I'm gonna do nice-number.
>> Mike North: And
let's switch to something useful here.
This does not have anything over 1,000.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Mike North: Yeah?
All right, well we got.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
2500 [INAUDIBLE].
>> Mike North: Ember-cli itself.
All right, so watch that number.
That makes it easy.
And we will go to the console just so
we can see any errors, and we're off.
By default helpers pass straight through,
right?
Whatever value you pass
in will get spit out, and
that's why we're seeing no change.
And this is typical of ember like
when you generate a new route,
the template basically it will be a no op.
And that's a good starting
point cuz at least it works and
at least you can put it in place and
it's a good sort of TDD starting point.
So I'm gonna actually TDD this,
nice-number-test.
So we're passing in the number 42,
I know that I need to pass in an array,
and we are going to switch to the tests.
And pick the right module, and
forget about JSHint cuz we
all know how to fix that.
There it is.
It works, fantastic, but
I'm not excited yet.
So I want to make sure that
the result here is in fact 42.
A number less than 1,000.
And it works a number less
than 1,000 is in fact 42.
And I know that I want a number
greater than 1,000 and
I actually don't need result,
I think that's overkill.
>> Mike North: I'm deliberately
picking something that we need to,
a rounding solution and
not a truncation solution here,
so this I want to be 4.2K.
And it looks like we have
a little bit of a problem.
Actually maybe they changed this so
I don't need the brackets here.
>> Mike North: Perfect,
all right so I'm looking for 4.2K.
I see 4199 so
we're getting passed through for
the case that we wanna do
something interesting on.
So I'm gonna go back to nice-number.
I'm gonna add just like
two more test cases.
So in the case where I pass nothing
at all, I want an empty string.
>> Mike North: A-ha,
I don't want undefined render screen so
we have to make sure we handle that.
And we'll leave it there, and typically
you might wanna see like what happens
when you pass a string to it or
true or false but keeping it simple,
so time to fill in the helper.
So I'm going to first,
actually I do need those arrays.
>> Mike North: Const num is
another destructuring with
an array instead of an object.
And
something's
weird,
oops.
So, let's see what's going on.
>> Mike North: Prems is undefined, so
this is our first test running, and
it's causing a problem.
So I'm actually gonna do ifpremsreturn and
empty string, we'll start there.
So that will get our first test passing.
And now we've got 42 coming in, and so
num will be destructured appropriately.
And we can do if.
>> Mike North: And
we'll do something special.
Otherwise.
>> Mike North: String just for fun.
>> Mike North: All right, so now we should
get 4199, that's the interesting case, and
is in fact num.
So we're ready to go.
And in this case,
I'll just do a little math and
I'll say we're going to take the number.
>> Mike North: So we want like num.
>> Mike North: Something like that.
>> Mike North: That's it and
if we go back to our app.
>> Mike North: There we go, pretty easy.
So the take away here is
these are super easy to test.
They're the thing to reach for
for formatting things, for
pluralizing, and singularizing,
and capitalizing and whatever.
When dealing with a DOM element,
a component is the better tool,
when dealing with something complex,
the component is the better tool.
And the last thing I wanted to show
you was the idea of sub-expressions.
>> Mike North: I want to show you
a different way of using handle bars.
You can do something like this.
So you can use, oops.
All right, that's actually not valid.
You can use a handlebars helper
inside another handlebars helper.
So if we wanted to pass a nice
number to a button label or
something like that, you can use what
are called handlebars sub expressions.
And I don't actually have
a good example here to
work with because we've been sort
of passing entire objects around.
We don't have a nice little label
that we can pass through, but
it's definitely worth learning and
taking a look at.
And there are a couple of Ember
add-ons like Ember truth helpers,
which give you a lot more control for
conditional control flow structures.
It really enriches your ability
to do more in the template if
you feel like you're being
forced to create a whole slew of
computer properties just for
the purpose of negating a boolean.
Or comparing two values and
returning that they're equal.
That's very generic stuff that's
nice to keep out of your app and
just to bring it as an add on.
So that is it and our tests are passing.
So I will commit this and
then we will get into Ember data.
And I'm gonna opt for instead of asking
people to give a shot at switching
from jQuery get to Ember data, I'm just
gonna walk through it from the start.
Because it is a little bit of
a longer process than this and
we're getting towards the end of the day.
So this will be one to just
sort of sit back and watch and
maybe follow along as I go through it.